How does machine learning work?

AGENDA:
Describe artificial intelligence.
Describe the difference between artificial intelligence and machine learning.

1)What is artificial intelligence?
ans)Artificial intelligence (AI) is any system 
that is able to ingest human-level knowledge to automate and accelerate tasks 
performable by humans through natural intelligence. 
AI has two categories: narrow, where an AI imitates human 
intelligence in a single context, and general, where an AI learns and behaves with
intelligence across multiple contexts.

2)Examples of AI include:
Intelligent search in Amazon Kendra
Document analysis in Amazon Comprehend
Data and text extraction in Amazon Textract
Business metrics analysis in Amazon Lookout for Metrics and Amazon Forecast


3)What is the difference between ML and AI?
Artificial intelligence ingests data, such as human-level knowledge, and 
imitates natural intelligence.

Machine learning is a subset of AI, where data and algorithms continuously improve the training model to
help achieve higher-quality output predictions. 

Deep learning is a subset of machine learning. It is an approach to realizing ML that relies on a
layered architecture, mimicking the human brain to identify data patterns and train the model.

4.What are the requirements to implement AI?
The core components of AI are domain knowledge to structure and frame the problem correctly,
high-quality input data to train the model, and methods to detect patterns and make predictions.

5.What is the difference between machine learning and classical programming?
Machine learning involves teaching a computer to recognize patterns by example, 
rather than programming it with specific rules. These patterns can be found in the data.
and Put another way, with ML, you start with a problem, identify data associated with
that problem, use an algorithm to then model that problem, and generate output.


6.How does machine learning work?
There are three major categories of machine learning, depending on the specific use case.

###1.Supervised learning is a method where a model learns from a data set containing input
values and paired output values that you would like to predict.

Examples:
Classification - Classifying documents          Regression - Forecasting demand for a product

###2.Unsupervised learning is a method in which the training model learns from data without 
any guidance. The objective is pattern and structure recognition.

Examples:
Clustering - Customer segmentation            Association - Discovering regularities among products

Reinforcement learning is a method in which the training model learns from its
environment by being rewarded for correct moves and punished for incorrect moves.

Example:
Autonomous driving


What kind of solutions can ML provide?
ML can provide predictive solutions (regression and classification), 
prioritization (rankings and scores), and behavior patterns (recommendations and clustering).

common uses for ML models:
1.Regression

Example - Predicting a numerical value
Predicting a housing sale price
Case study

2.Classification

Example - Predicting a label
Duolingo: Classifying if a learner will get a word right

3.Ranking

Example - Ordering items to find the most relevant
Domino’s Pizza: Ranking most likely next pizza order

4.Recommendation

Example - Finding relevant items based on past behavior
Hyatt: Recommending hotels for large events

5.Clustering

Example - Finding patterns in examples
NASA: Detecting anomalies in sensor data collection, such as super storm forecasting

6.Anomaly detection

Example - Finding outliers from examples
Fraud.net: Identifying novel fraudulent behavior






















