Is a machine learning solution appropriate for my problem?

What are the reasons to use machine learning?
An example of a business problem where the use of ML would be appropriate is
generating personalized recommendations. In this case, the solution to the problem requires complex 
logic, and we would want to provide personalized recommendations at scale with quick turnaround times.

reasons are:
1.Requires complex logic
Since developing personalized recommendations
requires complex logic, ML is an appropriate tool to consider.

2.Requires scalability
Serving millions of requests for personalized recommendations every second is a challenge.

3.Requires personalization
Delivering personalized recommendations at scale and being responsive at the same
time is difficult to achieve with classical programming techniques.

4.Requires responsiveness
The ability to deliver personalized recommendations within a few seconds even 
while handling millions of requests per second is expected. 

What is an example business case for machine learning?
Consider a financial institution that needs to determine which
category of products and offerings is most interesting to a customer.
to identify a good problem to solve using ML, identify your business outcome or goal,
and ask these questions:


i.What is the strategy to achieve this goal?

ii.How could you use machine learning to achieve this goal?

iiiWhat aspects of the problem make it a good fit to apply ML?



lesson 2

Is my data ready for machine learning solution?
ans)Data readiness depends on the quality, quantity, diversity, and
complexity of the data collected. After discovering and collecting all relevant data, 
the data should be cleansed, validated, transformed, and stored.

note:A first step is to identify a problem that is rich in data, but (one that) 
you haven't been able to solve through traditional methods.

Is my data high quality?
Data used in an ML project should be relevant to produce valuable results.
Data should be timely so that training data is as close to the actual data as possible.
Data should be representative of the data across all data sources. Data selection 
should be unbiased.

To identify a good problem to solve using ML, assess your data readiness, 
and ask these questions:

$$What question should I ask about data readiness?
Is it easily accessible?
Does it respect privacy?
Is it relevant?


lesson 3:
How will machine learning impact a project timeline?

What should be my expectation in terms of time?

Machine learning can take significant time from
the start of a project through production deployment. Expectations for the
amount of time needed to deploy production models can take weeks or even months.


o identify a good problem to solve using ML, assess your machine learning lifecycle, and ask these questions.

What question should I ask about strategy?
Have you ever had a similar task to your proposed ML solution?
Have you explored your data and found faults?
Is the performance of models meeting business requirements?


lesson 4.

What early questions should I ask in deployment?
How do I take my machine learning solution into production?

While production deployment of an ML model is one of the last stages of the ML pipeline, 
ML production code differs in many ways from research code. The purpose of research code
is to promote exploration and validate models using iterative processes, which might lack
formal quality, stability, or scaling requirements. However, production code must meet 
objective and fixed requirements, facilitate collaboration through version control,
maintain a code deployment history, and meet code reliability standards.

The questions below arise frequently while talking to customers about what they would 
ask during early production.
What is the likely computational cost of generating predictions with your model? it  more base of
requirements of resoureces.

How quickly does your data change?
Start thinking about how complex your data is and how often data changes. 
Ultimately, this could lead you to constantly retrain the mode

How significant are the changes needed to deploy?
Start thinking about which changes you would like to enter into production and the frequency.

Does the model’s performance meet the business need?
Start thinking about how your business conditions will change over time. 
Your current model might need to be adjusted as conditions change Do you have new 
product lines launching? Are there new regulations in you business sector? 
Are you expanding into new geographies?






