How can I prepare my organization for using ML?
Lesson 1 of 5
In this lesson, you will explore the following questions:

How can I prepare my organization for using ML?
How can AWS help me?
What other strategies can I adopt to ensure organizational success?
Which cultural shift-approach works for my organization?

How do I move my organization into machine learning?

An organization can progress from having few or no ML projects to advanced production ML
expertise after completing multiple research projects and deployments.
1. robust ml strategy ML,2.Data strategy 3.A culture of learning and collaboration


What other strategies can I adopt to ensure organizational success?

Organizations can begin creating a robust ML strategy through several methods:

1.Find the right problem:Organizations can begin creating a robust strategy with 
executive buy-in and by choosing the right problems to solve using ML. 
i.Problems that get early executive buy-in
ii.Problems that are data rich
iii.Problems that can't be solved by traditional means
iv.Problems that involve large amounts of labor

note:
The best way to gain momentum is to get early executive
buy-in and to find problems that can yield early wins.

2.Fail forward
: try--> fail-->success
    |--- ---|----|

note:Machine learning is an iterative process. Learn from
    failed iterations to become fault-tolerant.
3.scaled beyond proofs of concepts


Which cultural shift approach works for my organization?
Shifting an organization from a centralized hub of data scientists and 
IT specialists to a decentralized structure where data science expertise
is distributed across business units requires several ideological shifts,
 ML requires changes in decision-making, performance management, and organizational systems
to facilitate ongoing data science collaboration with business units.



lessson 2
How do I evaluate my data strategy?
An effective data strategy begins with evaluating the organization's 
current data and determining the types of solutions needed to improve data quality.

How can I improve my data strategy?Organizations can develop strategic plans to collect and use data, 
even at the POC stage, to successfully change industries with ML. 


What are the benefits of moving to a data lake?
Data lakes are an increasingly popular core component of the most efficient ML models. 
Data lakes can capture and store transactional data, databases, clickstream, IoT and sensor
data, logs, backups, multimedia, and social media activity in a single store. Data lakes 
can also grow to any scale and can also democratize data access and analysis.

Data lakes enable a broad set of analytic engines for analytics, real-time and
predictive analytics, artificial intelligence (AI), and machine learning.


lesson 3
How do I create a culture of learning and collaboration?

How can I develop my team for ML analytics?
ans)An ML team can grow rapidly through several developmental phases, which include 
interdisciplinary collaboration, training, and hiring domain experts. 

How else can AWS help my team get some quick wins?
ans)Several managed services provide prebuilt ML pipelines
that can be applied to problems in an automated way.

Amazon Kendra
Create an internal search service

Amazon Comprehend
Classify user text based on sentiment

Amazon Personalize
Create a personalization and recommendation service for customers

Amazon Forecast
Forecast business needs and outcomes

Amazon Rekognition
Generate metadata tags from images to make them searchable

Amazon Fraud Detector:
Identify potentially fraudulent online activities





