What is machine learning?

Machine learning (ML) is the process of training computers, using math 
and statistical processes, to find and recognize patterns in data. After
patterns are found, ML generates and updates training models to make increasingly 
accurate predictions and inferences about future outcomes based on historical and
new data. For example, ML could help determine the likelihood of a customer purchasing 
a particular product based on previous purchases by the user or the product's past sales history.


Sequence of steps  to build for ml application 
1) formaulate a problem:ITs like what is observed and what should be answered.
2)preapare data: collect, clean, and prepare data to make  ita consumption by ml model training ai alogrithm.
3)train the model:model train the data which have valid inputs to get most accurate answer.
4)test the model : evaluate the quality of models o data that was held out from  model building.
5)deploy your model:use the model to generate predictions of target answer for new data instances.


key terms in ml
model: output of ml alogrithm trainded on a data set  ,used for data prediction .
training :the act of creating a model from past data
testing:measuring the perfomance of model on test data.
Deployment:Integrating model into a production pipeline.


How is Amazon using machine learning in products?

1.amazon app: Amazon uses browsing and purchasing data to provide tailored product 
recommendations and promotions.
2.Alexa:Amazon uses ML to facilitate billions of voice interactions per week with 
Alexa devices using natural language processing (NLP)
3.delivery:Amazon uses ML to ship 1.6M packages per day


Forty-eight percent of executives at US companies surveyed report they
see AI as a path to growing revenue and said profits

USE of ml in AWS:ai ml service
1.Amazon Forecast: is a fully managed service that uses machine learning to deliver highly
accurate forecasts.

2.Amazon Fraud Detector :is a fully managed service that makes it easy to identify potentially
fraudulent online activities, such as online payment fraud and the creation of fake.

3.Amazon Personalize: makes it easy for developers to build, train, and deploy 
recommendation models capable of delivering many personalization experiences

4.Amazon Polly  text-to-speech (TTS): is a service that turns text into lifelike speech to 
create applications that talk and build entirely new categories of speech-enabled products

5.Amazon Transcribe: is an AWS service that helps customers convert speech to text. 

6.Amazon SageMaker is a fully managed service that provides every developer
and data scientist with the ability to build, train, and deploy models quickly.













